STACKS Error Codes - Suggested Format & Messaging

errorMessages[1] = theProductName + " cannot locate the sample files. The linkfile is missing.\n\n If this is unexpected, try redownloading the Sample Files in STACKS or doing an uninstall and reinstallation of the product from the My Stack page.\n\n If this issue persists, please visit support.nightfoxaudio.com for assistance.\n\n Error code: LinkFile_Missing";
errorMessages[2] = theProductName + " cannot locate the sample files. The sample folder is missing.\n\n If this is unexpected, try redownloading the Sample Files in STACKS or doing an uninstall and reinstallation of the product from the My Stack page.\n\n If this issue persists, please visit support.nightfoxaudio.com for assistance.\n\n Error code: LinkFile_FolderMissing";
errorMessages[3] = theProductName + " cannot locate the sample files. The samples aren't all where they should be.\n\n If this is unexpected, try redownloading the Sample Files in STACKS or doing an uninstall and reinstallation of the product from the My Stack page.\n\n If this issue persists, please visit support.nightfoxaudio.com for assistance.\n\n Error code: LinkFile_SamplesMissing";
errorMessages[4] = theProductName + " cannot authenticate via STACKS. The AuthFile is missing.\n\n If this is unexpected, try uninstalling and reinstalling the product via the My Stack page.\n\n If this issue persists, please visit support.nightfoxaudio.com for assistance. \n\n Error code: AuthFile_Missing";
errorMessages[5] = theProductName + " cannot authenticate via STACKS. The AuthFile has expired.\n\n Please ensure STACKS is running and you are logged in to your account with active permissions to use this product.\n\n If this issue persists, please visit support.nightfoxaudio.com for assistance.\n\n Error code: AuthFile_Expired";
errorMessages[6] = theProductName + " cannot authenticate via STACKS. The AuthFile is inactive.\n\n If this is unexpected, try uninstalling and reinstalling the product via the My Stack page.\n\n If this issue persists, please visit support.nightfoxaudio.com for assistance.\n\n Error code: AuthFile_NotActive";
errorMessages[7] = theProductName + " cannot authenticate via STACKS. The AuthFile is invalid.\n\n If this is unexpected, try uninstalling and reinstalling the product via the My Stack page.\n\n If this issue persists, please visit support.nightfoxaudio.com for assistance.\n\n Error code: AuthFile_Error";
errorMessages[8] = theProductName + " cannot authenticate via STACKS. The AuthFile is corrupt.\n\n If this is unexpected, try uninstalling and reinstalling the product via the My Stack page.\n\n If this issue persists, please visit support.nightfoxaudio.com for assistance.\n\n Error code: AuthFile_Corrupt";
